Add AppSec Kit documentation for Vaadin 7 (#2534)
vaadin/docs: articles/appseckit/getting-started.asciidoc

        <includeSystemScope>true</includeSystemScope>
        <includeTestScope>false</includeTestScope>
        <includeLicenseText>false</includeLicenseText>
        <outputReactorProjects>true</outputReactorProjects>
        <outputFormat>json</outputFormat>
        <outputName>bom</outputName>
        <outputDirectory>${project.build.outputDirectory}/resources</outputDirectory>
        <verbose>false</verbose>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
----

The SBOM file should be generated in the `/resources` sub-directory in the project's output directory. It's a `json` file with the `bom` file name. The plugin is already configured to do it this way.

=== Start the Application

AppSec Kit isn't enabled in production mode. Therefore, you need to start your application in debug mode -- or development mode.

By default, Vaadin 7 applications start in link:https://vaadin.com/docs/v7/framework/application/application-environment#application.environment.parameters.production-mode[debug mode]. You don't need to enable this, explicitly.

To start the application, execute the following from the command-line:

----
mvn jetty:run
----

=== Open AppSec Kit UI

==== Notification Dialog

> After the application has started, AppSec Kit analyzes the dependencies, collects the vulnerabilities if any exists, and displays a `Notification Dialog` (Figure 1.) where you can open the `UI` in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the application has started, AppSec Kit analyzes the dependencies, collects the vulnerabilities if any exists, and displays the <<getting-started-notification-dialog>> where you can open the `UI` in a new tab.
```

Author: Good point! Changed to use cross-references everywhere and in the V8 docs too.
